As a default from the High Precision Device ADR manual we are defaulting to using the settings that they laid out for us.
P = 1e6
I = 0.2
D = 0

The way that we are using the PID controller is as follows.

Using the SIM921 we read out the temperature (and resistance) of a thermometer on the device stage in the PICTURE-C cryostat.
The SIM921 can take this reading and use it to create an output voltage which is fed into the SIM960 to control the current
through the ADR which in turn will influence the temperature of the device stage.
With the thermometer we are using, we choose to scale the output voltage based on the resistance reading because all of
the possible values are within an order of magnitude of each other (1000 Ohms to 65000 Ohms) as opposed to the temperature,
which has values that range from 50 mK to 40 K (four orders of magnitude).
Additionally, since we're reading out the resistance and converting to temperature using a calibration curve, it is more
natural to use the resistance reading anyway.

Now that we've decided to use the resistance signal we can discuss how it is conditioned to give an appropriate output
for the SIM960 to use.
The output of the SIM921 is governed by the equation Output=Aout*(Value-Offset)
First, we take the offset to be the resistance value that corresponds to our operating temperature (100 mK), which is
19400.5 Ohms.
This means that at 100 mK the SIM921 should output 0 V.
Next, we have to decide the proper slope (Aout) to ensure that we don't input values to the SIM960 that it can't handle.
The scale we want to output is +/-1 volt.
Since the greatest values of Value-Offset we could have are about -18000 to +46000, we choose Aout=10^-5 V/Ohm meaning
the most extreme voltages we can output would be -0.2 V to +0.5 V.

Now, we have to figure out how to properly configure the PID settings.
From the ADR manual, we have the P,I,D values (enabling PI and disabling D, which is fairly standard for slowly changing
signals) and so will use those at first to see if that works.

This leaves the decision of the polarity of the controller.
To figure out the polarity, we have to consider the response of the output (SIM921 value) to a small change from the
input (SIM960 output - controlling the current.)
As per the SIM960 manual, a non-inverting process (positive change at the input results in a positive change at the
output) needs a positive P polarity to ensure negative feedback.
Conversely, and inverting process (positive change at the input results in negative change from the output) needs a
negative P polarity should be used.
For our system, the 'input' corresponds to the SIM960 analog voltage output and the 'output' corresponds to the SIM921
signal that is is the properly conditioned signal from the temperature sensor next to the MKID device.

Now, let's just follow the effects of a positive change (increaseing the voltage from the SIM960 analog output).
The rough path a 'signal' will take is SIM960->High Current Boost Board->ADR Magnet->Device Thermometer->SIM921.
There is an implied physical conversion from 'signal' to current in the second arrow, current to temperature in the
third arrow, and temperature (or resistance) back to 'signal' in the fourth arrow.
This makes it somewhat more of a pseudo-signal but for brevity, any of these forms will be called signal.
If we increase the voltage from the SIM960 output, that will cause an increase in current that's sourced by the HC board.
An increase in current from the HC board will cause an increase in current through the ADR, which will cause an
increase in the temperature of the device (this holds true during the ramp and during regulation).
Increasing the temperature of the device means the resistance of the thermometer will decrease.
A decrease in the resistance will cause a decrease in the voltage output from the SIM921 (even if it is below 0, the
output will become more negative), completing the loop.

From this we can see that a small positive change at the input (increase in current) will cause a small negative change
at the output (decrease in voltage from SIM921-conditioned signal) meaning we have an inverting process, which tells us
we should be using a negative P polarity.
